Description

Alexa Shopping Operations strives to become the most reliable source for dataset generation and annotations. We work in collaboration with Shopping feature teams to enhance customer experience (CX) quality across shopping features, devices, and locales. Our primary focus lies in handling annotations for training, measuring, and improving Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Large Language Models (LLMs), enabling Amazon to deliver a superior shopping experience to customers worldwide. Our mission is to empower Amazon's LLMs through Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback (RLHF) across various categories at high speed. We aspire to provide an end-to-end data solution for the LLM lifecycle, leveraging cutting-edge technology alongside our operational excellence. By joining us, you will play a pivotal role in shaping the future of the shopping experience for customers worldwide.

Role

We are seeking Data Associate for our annotation and data analysis operations team. This team plays a critical role in improving Alexa’s natural language understanding leading to improved CX quality metrics and positive business impact. The Data Associate must have a passion for data, efficiency, and accuracy and will work under the direction of Operations manager and Sr. Data Associates. Specifically, the Data Associate will:

 Process annotation & data analysis tasks with high efficiency and quality in a fast paced environment
 Deliver on assigned SLAs and KPIs like productivity, turnaround time, quality etc
 The tasks will be primarily repetitive in nature and will require the individual to make judgment-based decisions keeping in mind the guidelines provided in the SOP.
 Contribute in team initiatives to improve overall process efficiency and quality

Key job responsibilities

The Data Associate Will

 Process annotation & data analysis tasks with high efficiency and quality in a fast paced environment
 Deliver on assigned SLAs and KPIs like productivity, turnaround time, quality etc
 The tasks will be primarily repetitive in nature and will require the individual to make judgment-based decisions keeping in mind the guidelines provided in the SOP.
 Contribute in team initiatives to improve overall process efficiency and quality

Basic Qualifications

 Bachelor's degree
 Speak, write, and read fluently in English

Preferred Qualifications

 Knowledge of Microsoft Office products and applications

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


Company - ADCI MAA 12 SEZ - H82

Job ID: A10441854